today 18 days ago that would be a seconds
I could not find a better place to
tell me stories from third parties
and do it from the heart of the park
national of aigüestortes place that I
remember my childhood that transports me
my adolescence
in the era of the camera gave more and
sailors who could understand other
properties
after seeing a fact that nothing ever
pass me your bottle we left is already very
soon early in vienna
and we also have to look alone
4 understanding
but margin
I hope we are very season
already
practically all the
arriving
just at dawn he started doing a lot
wind in the mountain was covered with clouds
wait
on the other side of the edge is a little
of shelter
little time but waiting for
What's up
one
well to this
and here not
plus
grant
from here to be able to leave the ship like this
for good
finally because about one and a half
the afternoon we decided
still good the forecast
of the forecast
and so happened half rises
wind
the most beautiful moment without place
the arrival at the major edge is first
yes
and over there is the last
and a year that was not
I just reached the summit are the
four in the afternoon it cost a lot
very much is a matter of much
perseverance
and this time it is also expressed
very difficult
against zero
situation and finally power and every two
weeks
two